Stars shine above a dark city.
A young man watches the sky through a pair of binoculars. 

NARRATION: "What is the perfect star gazing tool?
A telescope, naturally. 
Preferably one with an equatorial mount, that works with the geometry of earth's rotation, making tracking a star a breeze.
But most importantly of all, one that can filter out man-made light, so people like Eddie can enjoy the full view of the night sky at a more reasonable hour.
These days, professional astronomers simply tune in to the 28 space telescopes orbiting around earth, and star gazing from the ground has largely become a lost art."

Later, Eddie stands in front of a bed. 
A woman is sound asleep on the right side of the bed.
He climbs onto the left side. 
They lie faced away from each other. 

During the day, Eddie lays down the roof decking of a house under construction. 
He wears a grey tear-resistant suit with reflective orange stripes.
He drills in the last few nails for the wooden sheet he is currently laying onto the roof frame. 
(For now, readers may question why workers are still using relatively primitive technology for a future setting)
He dozes off. 
Just as he's about to fall, a coworker catches him. 

COWORKER: "EDDIE! WATCH OUT!"

The words wake Eddie. 
He sees his drill hit the ground below the roof he stands on.
He trembles a bit. 

At lunch time, Eddie and a few workers eat in a circle. 
The worker from earlier stands above him and points to him.

COWORKER: "Eddie, if this keeps happening, we'll have to get you fired for [italic]your[end italic] safety."

---- 

The sun sets, and Eddie rides his bicycle along a road, with the binoculars hung around his neck.
He parks by a small hill that faces a lake and lies on it, and begins remembering the past. 

It was a good while ago. 
Eddie was wearing casual clothes, lying on the same hill, sleeping. 
The binoculars were missing from his neck. 
A young woman (same as the woman at the beginning) walked up to him, holding his binoculars.

WOMAN: "Sir, you dropped this."

EDDIE: "Oh! Thanks!"

WOMAN: "You're welcome." 

Eddie fumbles the binoculars into his bag. 

WOMAN, not walking away: "Are you enjoying the lake?"

EDDIE: "Yeah yeah, it's a, it's a good view!"

WOMAN, smiling: "But your eyes were closed."

EDDIE: "Well uh, you can still, you know."

WOMAN, smiling more: "I don't know. You can still do what?"

EDDIE: "you can still feel the breeze, and uh, with eyes closed you can still imagine it. What the lake looks like."

WOMAN: "You were just sleepiing, weren't you."

They walked side by side as Eddie pushed his bike. 
A few stars shine with a hint in the still bright sky above them. 

EDDIE: "Do you notice how bright the city lights are at night? 
I have to star gaze at midnight, when the city lights go down. 
That's why I'm sleepy all day."

WOMAN: "So do you do this every night?"

EDDIE: "Almost every night."

WOMAN: "What for?"

EDDIE: "During the day, everything's making noises... It's annoying. 
When watching space, I feel like I can swim through the ocean of stars, leaving all worries behind on earth. 
You know?"

WOMAN: "Sounds fun. You can show me some time. I gotta go now, see ya!"

EDDIE: "See ya."

In the present, Eddie arrives home.

---- 

At night, Eddie watches the sky from his balcony. 

EDDIE: "Huh?"

Eddie sees something. 
He opens a cabinet, and from the neatly stacked pictures, he pulls one out. 
He holds it up to his left eye, and his right eye peers through his binoculars. 
Even though the stars are too close to distinguish by naked eye, he can at least compare the picture he took through the binoculars a few days ago, with what he is seeing today. 

A star is missing. 

Eddie takes another photo from the binoculars and compares the photos side by side. 
Unmistakably, at the same spot in the pictures, one of them has a bright dot, while the other does not. 
Eddie wakes his wife up. 

WIFE, rubbing her eyes: "What is it now? Let me sleep."

EDDIE: "Can you spot the difference between these photos?"

WIFE: "...Look the same to me."

EDDIE, pointing to the right picture: "A star is missing in this one."

WIFE, after a series of confused squinting, spotting it: "Oh. Weird."

EDDIE: "Very weird. The one on the left, I took it through the binoculars just a few days ago. The star was still there."

WIFE: "I'm going to sleep."

EDDIE: "Hey! Stars don't just disappear like that. This is something big."

WIFE: "Well, you can call the Department of what was it."

EDDIE: "Department of Anomalous Phenomena."

WIFE: "That's the one. Wait, do it tomorrow. Come to sleep already."

The wife turns her head, and Eddie is already gone, presumably calling in another room.

---- 

At DAP headquarters, an agent sleeps on a large octagonal desk at the centre of a large room. 
Monitors, buttons and dials fill the walls of this room, along with periodically blinking Lights. 
A single overhead lamp shines onto the central desk, leaving most of the room dark. 
The phone rings, waking the agent up. 

AGENT A: "Civillian call? Alright, put him through."

Brief pause.

AGENT A, slumping back in his chair to make himself comfortable: "Yes, yes, this is the Department of Anomalous Phenomena."

AGENT A, jolting forward: "What? A star disappeared?"

AGENT A, after pushing a button: "Can you give me the coordinates?"

AGENT A, grabbing paper and a pencil: "Yes. Yes." 

Director Alma and a few other agents arrive. 
Alma has white hair, a round face, and a pair of cunning/wise eyes. 
Different from other agents who wear the Ocean Union uniform, Alma wears a white trenchcoat with shoulder emblems - signature of a Director. 

ALMA: "What's the matter?"

AGENT A: "An amateur star-gazer. He says he saw a star completely disappear."

ALMA: "Lucca, check the observation deck."

LUCCA: "Ok."

AGENT B, leaning on the door frame: "Those amateurs are always seeing things."

LUCCA, handing over a photo: "...Nothing. There is no anomaly. The star is still there."

AGENT B: "Told ya."

LUCCA: "Maybe it was blocked by a passing asteroid?"

ALMA: "Let's check the space telescopes."

The agents each go to a telephone. 

AGENT A: "Hello? Department of Astronomy? Department of Anomalous Phenomena calling..."

AGENT B: "Uh, Cyan Hills Observatory? Department of Anomalous Phenomena speaking... ...so no asteroids or anything like that?"

LUCCA: "Hello? Ocean State University? This is the D.A.P.. Can I get Professor Thomas Burton?"

Afterwards, Alma stands at the central desk.

ALMA: "Same everywhere, huh."

AGENT A: "I guess that's it. A false alarm."

Lucca remains silent. He is thinking. 

----

Above a few street lamps, the Milky Way plasters itself across the sky.
Lucca and Thomas Burton sit on the edge of a fountain, next to the footpath of a bridge over a lake. 
Thomas wears a light blue suit, unbuttoned, with a white shirt underneath, and a colourful tie. 
His hair is blonde and the front of it curls upward like the French comic character Tin Tin.

THOMAS: "The stars are brighter than before."

LUCCA: "Because the city lights are low."

THOMAS, smiling: "Yeah, romantic, isn't it!"

Thomas takes out a pair of binoculars, and looks through it. 

THOMAS: "Hmm... nothing's wrong with the star, that's for sure."

LUCCA: "What do you think the star gazer saw then?"

THOMAS, still looking at the star: "No idea! Could be lying, to get attention."

THOMAS, admiring the view: "Wow, I should do this more often."

Lucca furrows his brows.

LUCCA: "Thomas, I have to confess."

THOMAS: "Call me Tom."

LUCCA: "I call you out here so that we can speak without being watched. 
The truth is, I believe the star gazer. 
There is something wrong with the stars above Oceania. 
One of my friends, Marco, died two years ago trying to tell me that. 
He said he discovered a secret about the universe.
I think he was offed because of it."

TOM: "Wow, I'm sorry to hear. Are you talking about a conspiracy?"

LUCCA: "By definition, I guess that is what it is. 
And I need your help to unravel it."

TOM: "I'm no detective, no fighter, no politician. I trust you know that. Just look at my belly."

LUCCA: "The problem is I don't have many choices."

TOM: "Gee, I'm flattered."

LUCCA: "Heh, sorry. 
What I mean is that I don't have many people I can trust.
You're an astrophysicist, and you assisted me that time with the Constellation Murder Case. 
You have the knowledge, and that's all I need at this stage. 
It's not like I'm asking you to assassinate the entire Central Board. Please."

TOM: "Let's go somewhere warmer."

---- 

Tom and Lucca walk through various streets. 
Not necessarily easy to spot for the reader, but from time to time there are people standing in the shadows.
The two eventually walk through a glass door, with "Aloh's Evening Diner" sign above. 
The restaurant is fashioned like a bar/cafe. 
The floor is so smooth it is like a mirror. 
The ceiling is divided into grids, with lamps hanging from the seams.
Standing behind the counter is an old man with round glasses, sleeveless jumper, and a normal shirt underneath.
Tom and Lucca sit at the counter.

TOM: "I don't know about any specific secret, but..."

Lucca listens intently.

TOM: "As of now, there are only two major unsolved problems in physics, and they date back to the 21st Century."

LUCCA: "Unsolved? I thought all of physics was complete by the 24th."

TOM: "That might be the public's perception, because the Ocean Union long ceased pursuing those problems."

LUCCA: "What were they?"

TOM: "Let's start with the first - the problem with undetectable mass. 
Firstly some background. 
You see, all matter that we knew the universe consisted of, interact with light. 
This means that they can be detected with instruments that detect light. 
When you look at a galaxy..."

Tom turns around to look out the window, prompting Lucca to do the same.
Tom points to the galaxy above. 

TOM: "what you can directly detect by seeing, tells us how much "stuff" it has."

TOM: "The problem is, this amount of mass that we measure, is hopelessly lacking. 
By observing gravity-related phenomenon, we [italic]know[end italic] that these galaxies must contain more mass - way more mass."

LUCCA: "By how much?"

TOM: "5 times more. The ordinary matter these galaxies contain, are not enough to explain the gravitaional lensing we observe."

LUCCA: "And gravitational lensing is?"

TOM: "Mass curves light. Images you see get distorted, if there is significant mass in your line of sight."

LUCCA: "So you're saying, on one hand we know how much stuff there is in the universe by looking at it.
On the other hand, we can tell how much mass there [italic]should[end italic] be by observing gravitational phenomena."

TOM: "Precisely. There exists a lot of invisible mass around the galaxies, beyond our understanding of what the universe is made of.
Due to its elusive nature, we gave it a placeholder name: Dark Matter. For the past 5 centuries, we fail to even get a glimpse of what it could be. 
Honestly my stance - and teh stance of many reasonable people around me - is that our laws of gravity need revision. 
It fails to explain our observation."

LUCCA: "Hm... If dark matter exists, does it cause stars to disappear?"

TOM: "Well, clearly not, you heard me explain what dark matter actually means. It's invisible, it does not ever obstruct our view. It's transparent."

LUCCA: "Hm."

TOM: "I'm afraid the other unsolved problem is even more unrelated to this star disappearing anomaly. 
It goes like this: we observe the universe expanding at an accelerating pace. 
As if there is energy in the empty space that pushes everything apart. 
Since we don't know what it is, we called it a placeholder name 'Dark Energy'."

LUCCA: "Dark matter, which is transparent mass around the galaxies, and dark energy, which pushes the galaxies apart..."

TOM: "That's all I have. Two physics questions. Do with that what you will."

LUCCA: "None of these explain what the astronomer saw."

TOM: "Well then buddy we are lost."

ALOH, carrying two plates of dessert: "Gentlemen!"

TOM: "Thanks Aloh."

LUCCA: "Thank you."

Lucca stares at the galaxy above. 

---- 

Noon. Lucca stands below a tall desk, behind which sits an elderly woman with round glasses and white vintage styled hair.
There is a desk signs that says "Freda Torrens - Director of History".
Books of various sizes and colours fill the many shelves surrounding the desk. 

FREDA, clasped hands on her right cheek, smiling gently: "Star disappearance? Curious."

LUCCA: "I'm looking for records of similar events in history."

FREDA, laughing: "Why, because this is the department of 'history'?"

LUCCA: "I don't want to be seen looking through the files at the Department of Astrohpysics."

FREDA, side glance: "And why is that?"

LUCCA: "I believe there is a group of people in Ocean Union with high authority who killed Marco. 
He died after discovering some secret about the universe.
I don't want to risk being seen doing the same."

Freda frowns. 
She puts her right hand up to her lips - a signature move when she contemplates.

FREDA, glaring at Lucca, serious: "I know."

Freda types something into her computer, and walks towards one of her shelves.

FREDA: "Marco was a precious person. The rare few found in every era that push forward human progress. 
But there's a price you have to pay, for threatening those with vested interests in the status quo.
With his death, a light has been snuffed out of history..."

FREDA, pulling out a folder, and heading to another location on the shelf: "And Luc, I don't want you to be snuffed out either."

Lucca is slightly uneasy.
Freda grabs out a second folder, and hands the two to Lucca. 
The folders have the numbers "2520" and "2481" respectively. 

FREDA: "These were the 2 known incidents of star disappearance. You can have a look."

LUCCA, bowing: "Thank you!"

FREDA, grave, leaning very close down to Lucca, still maintaining height: "Don't. Pry. Into things that already happened.
Marco was always kind of in danger, but you, you're not a revolutionary. You can have a peaceful life.
The Ocean Union is abundant. There is no need to bring trouble upon yourself."

LUCCA: "...Mrs Koroleva said much the same. But how can she think that? I just don't get it."

FREDA: "Luc, this is simple. She thinks the same thing that I do. To keep you safe."

LUCCA: "Well I don't feel safe. Not until the truth is out."

FREDA, sitting into her chair, defeated: "In that case... good luck, investigator Yang."

The impersonal "investigator Yang" makes Lucca feel a tinge of guilt and shame.

----

In the messy bedroom of an outwardly clean two storey house, Susan lies on her side.
She opens her eyes. 

SUSAN, thinking: time to rise, Susan. Can't just die in your bed. 

Susan yawns deeply, and climbs out of bed. It's 4pm. 

SUSAN, thinking: what to do...

Susan prepares a late breakfast without attention. 
Random household items litter the space. 
A piano sits in the corner, apparently untouched in a long time, evident by the huge stacks of photos and books on top of the lid. 
Susan glances to the side and sees the art class flyer Lucca sent her a few weeks ago, still left on the kitchen table. 

---- 

That night, Eddie star gazes with his binoculars. 
He focuses on the same spot. The star is not there again. 
This time, he immediately calls the DAP.

AGENT A, turning away from the telephone, towards Alma: "Director Alma. 
It's the same amateur. He says the star is not there."

ALMA: "Quick, call the observation deck!"

AGENT A, to the other phone: "Department of Astronomy? Department of Anomalous Phenomena calling. 
We want to observe the disappearance of a star. 
Could you please turn the space telescopes toward the star situated on the 53rd parallel..."

In space, enormous sunflower-like equipments slowly turn their head towards the star. 

AGENT A: "Anything?"

AGENT A: "..."

AGENT A: "Star is still there?"

ALMA, grabbing the phone: "Any interstellar gas clouds in its close surroundings? They could have obstructed the star a few minutes ago."

ALMA: "..."

ALMA, raising from the phone: "Nothing."

Switch to Eddie's side. 

EDDIE, one hand holding the phone and the other holding the binoculars: "But I'm seeing it right now! There is no star at that location! You have to-"

The DAP hung up. 

----

Tom sits in his office. There are 2 folders on his desk, numbered "2481" and "2520" respectively. 
He is in a call. 

TOM: "Yes, I've received them."

TOM: "I know I know, I'll do this for you." 

TOM: "Yeah well this better not turn out to be a waste of time."

Switch to Lucca's perspective. 

LUCCA: "Thank you-" 

Click. Tom left the call. 
Lucca turns to Eddie's apartment. 
He knocks on the door. 
A woman opens it. 

LUCCA, bowing: "Sorry for the disturbance. 






