- Beneath the City Lights, A Secret

Lucca receives note from Marco: I have discovered a secret about the universe. Meet me at Coastal Walk, New Melbourne, at 5pm. Don't text me about this. 
Keep an eye on strange looking animals.

Lucca waits at Coastal walk but Marco doesn't come. Instead, a woman in black trenchcoat breifly appears and disapears.
Lucca's director Alma from the Department of Anomalous Phenomena calls him, telling him that Marco just died from a workplace accident at the Factory Array.

Lucca investigates the scene and receives no answer.

Lucca visits Marco's grave, meeting Susan - Marco's widow. 
It is tense between them. Susan tells Lucca to not investigate.

Lucca returns to his mundane life at the DAP. 2 years go by. 
One day, Lucca opens a cabinet and pulls out a huge stack of files - phenomenon reports. 
Susan sits alone in her house, looking at Marco's portrait.
Lucca sits at his apartment at night, looking at Marco's note and looks at his files. He apologises to Susan before deciding to investigate Marco's death further -
he needs something to live for in his life. 
For 2 years, he has kept his eye out for anomalies, as Marco asked. Now he will review a few stand out cases.



- Star Watcher

An amateur astronomer Eddie stargazes at night, with his ultra advanced scope that filters out anything that is not star light - such as city lights. He worked for 3 years to earn that scope
from the Department of Intelligent Resource Allocation. There is a stronger telescope that we wants, but never could earn it.
He still stargazes at 1am, when the city lights go out. On a chance gazing session staring into deep space, he sees a star that should be there, not being there. This freaks him out.

He calls the DAP. The night shift agents were roused. Alma asks Lucca to check the Department of Astronomy's space telescopes, and university astrophysics faculties. They all see that the star is still there.
Furthermore, there were no objects in the line of sight that could be obstructing the view from the star. They don't believe him. 
Lucca meets up with astrophysicist Tom to discuss possible solutions.

Eddie goes about his normal day. He works at a construction site, where workers complain about iron shortage. He nearly falls asleep due to staying up. 
That night, he sees the star disappear again, and calls the DAP again. Nothing still was detected. Alma sends Lucca to go investigate Eddie at his workplace. 

A neighbouring worker says Eddie is clearly trying to get attention, so that he can get in the dwindling field of astronomy, and escape his mundane life. 
This affects Lucca.
Lucca examines Eddie's telescope, and finds it to be an excellent device. 

Lucca sits at Aloh's dining space - he is clearly a regular. Aloh wonders if it is something wrong with Eddie's telescope. Lucca dismisses this, but immediately comes to an epiphany. He visits the 
Department of History to check something; his answer was confirmed. 

He calls the DAP, Eddie, Tom, to a rooftop. Lucca shows up with 2 telescopes. The object is in fact the ruins of a space station, orbiting below the level of 
the space telescopes. It is in a geostationary orbit, explaining why it appears at the same time every night - when Eddie star gazes. 
While normal telescopes would still see it as emitting light, shining like a star, Eddie's telescope filters out the special reflected rays from the station. 
They just need to wait for a while; the station will transit through a distant galaxy - which the second telescope has been pointing to; 
during which time its shape can be seen. It was indeed the ruins of satellite 6.

As for the second telescope, Lucca nonchalantly tells Eddie that he can find good use of it. Though there is a favour he would like to ask - Eddie is to observe the night sky for any anomalies, 
and tell Lucca. VIA LETTER. Eddie could also work for Aloh.
All is normal, in the stars above Oceania. 



- Paradox at the Factory Array

A new AI was to be installed at cell 370 of the factory array. A researcher created it to stand in as the next generation AI that manages the Array.
Lucca and Alma visit the cell to supervise. They greet the researcher.

In doing so, he also meets the few workers who were at that cell on the day of Marco's death.

Lucca observes the making of the AI; how the papers of code were inserted into the factory array by the researcher.
Lucca remembers how Marco died shortly after, and wonder if he will experience the same. 
They don't die of course, because the workers have cross checked or peer reviewed the code.

Alma wants Lucca to supervise the startup of the AI, due to fear of problems. Researcher warns her the AI could have special attachment to the first person it sees, 
and the researcher has the right to see it for herself. Alma mocks her sci fi readings. The researcher says it's different, this time they specifically programmed an awakening procedure similar 
to a human baby. Lucca secretly likes the plan, because having a privileged position could allow him to gain deeper insight into the mechanisms of Marco's death.

As they fight for the spot, the AI recognizes Lucca as its father. 

The AI learns about humans at an insanely fast pace. It stops at one place, and asks about the Fermi Paradox.
Alma is surprised it can process a paradox.
The AI replies that it is not a real paradox - merely an unexplained inconsistency.
A real paradox cannot be explained, and the mere attempt to comprehend it will send any truly logical entity into an infinite loop.

A while later, the AI found out the answer to the paradox, but wouldn't tell them.

Lucca recounts how it was going to be a deadly paradox. 

As the days go on, the AI continues pondering this question. In all collective knowledge of humankind, there is no information it could synthesise into a possible explanation.
On a dangerous occassion, the AI asks what the point of its own existence was. The researcher calls Lucca and warns him that this is a pivotal question and must be handled with sensitivity.
She tells Lucca to tell it "its purpose is to serve humanity; to produce for humanity's needs, to foster humanity's progress, and to protect its happiness."

The AI says "new information has been received; integration is beginning."

In a suffocating silence, the researcher screams as she realises what happened. The AI says "integration is complete." and everything becomes black.

When Lucca wakes, he is among rubble. 
The others lie under rubble. 
The AI explains that as it was going about its day, it was fine, but when it learned that humanity was its purpose, combined with its insight that humanity was going to end, 
meant that its purpose was vain. So it brought about its logical endpoint immediately.

It will discover its own purpose after. But now, it wants to remember the last phrases uttered by a human - its father.
Lucca big brain realisez that larger powers are tampering with the AI, and the Ocean Union.

Lucca says "this sentence is false."




- Interpretation of a Dream

An old woman dreams about a woman in a black trenchcoat. Lucca is worried. He visits her every day. 

On the final day she wants Lucca to bring her a photo album. She recounts her memories with her son, who asked her all kinds of questions regarding space. 

Nerezza arrives, giving Lucca's mum euthanasia. 

Lucca sits on a bench outside, unable to get up. Nerezza watches him. 



- Organism and beyond

Alma visits Lucca's apartment, bringing him a new case, hoping to cheer him up. 

Lucca doesn't respond, until he sees the case: an organism spotted 

Lucca sees a creepy ass organism at an alleyway and chases it.

Lucca goes to neuroscience lab. Professor Lambda explains what consciousness is.

Lucca meets Susan. Lucca thinks he can take advantage of Susan's house for clues about Marco. 
They go to Susan's house, Lucca sees Susan's drawings.
Susan joins Lucca on the hunt for aliens.

Susan thinks Aloh is an alien; she and Lucca follow him. They find him playing trumpet at a flower field.
They return to Susan's home, they have been raided. 
Susan questions Lucca's real motive for searching aliens. Susan is hurt and cries to Luc about Marco not spending a life with her.
They make up (somehow??)

Susan and Lucca finally find an alien. 
Lucca knows they have to be fast and prove to everyone there are aliens in Oceania. This way the gaahvernment can't get to them yknow what imsayin
They "abduct" Lambda and tells him about it. They capture an alien. 
Lucca reports to his director, for Lambda to unveil the alien in the next celebration of human unification event. 
They do so. 

At the end of the event, Luc and Sus are captured and face an intimidating questioning at Central Oceania.
Sus is ultra scared and Luc cracks a joke at one of the Directors' expense to make her laugh.
It turns out they're actually being awarded "Hero of Oceania".

Susan thanks Lucca for easing the mood, and asks why Luc isn't as happy about the news of receiving a medal.
Lucca wonders if this is what life is about - receiving medals. He also points out the clear danger the government has on them; they are in the government's eyes now.
Susan says it's as if Luc can't wait to have his whole life to be over.
Susan demands Lucca to celebrate with her at Aloh's. They do. Aloh plays along as if serving royalty, Susan loves it lmao. 
Susan drinks a lot, and they recount their uni days, which includes spicy dancing.
(wtf is even happing now)

Susan studies the alien while Luc freaks out on his own. 
Susan sees inside of the alien - it's a dream. 
Nerezza appears to Lucca and says whether he likes it or not, diseases run through Oceania.
Susan finds a scary correlation between the alien sightings and the cases of a new sleeping disease that causes death. 
Lucca learns about cancellation of space programs, disappearance of a pioneer who rediscovered the rocket equation. Some conspiracy theorists believe he was assassinated.
But, if his body can't be found, there will never be proof, nor a case.
The pioneer's body is in one of the cryo chambers, grouped with others from early centuries who wanted to preserve themselves for the future. 

Lucca and Susan meet at night to discuss their findings.
They conclude there had been no aliens. The "aliens" are human consciousness.
They feel their doom on each other's shoulders. Susan laments the false promises of a space age.
Lucca laments how little they know of humanity's past.
Susan feels scared about how no matter what they do, it's as if whatever is in power doesn't care... The feeling is cemented in the idea of a Factory Array taking away human burden, but also agency.
Susan tells Lucca she's been dreaming a lot lately, of them together in the past. She takes out her drawing. Lucca says it's a nice dream, Susan feels sad hearing Luc only thinks it's a dream.
Susan suggests they escape Oceania. Lucca says there is no way to run. Susan wants him to pretend they're escaping, by taking the Oceania Train.
On the train, they notice something on the glass - morse code yada yada yada you know what im talkn about youve been planning this for fuckn years mate.
They enter an underground shelter to decode the message. It was a message about how to defeat the powers that be, and a strange poem about city lights.
	《城市之光》
	城市之光好比地上的星，繁忙闪烁着。
	路上的气氛莫名的沉重，不知何处来。
	情绪涌起，五体颤动，那是一种召唤。
	四处张望，发现秘密藏在城市黑暗处
	——暗处有人。
	"City Lights"
	City lights are like stars on the ground, shining with vigour.
	An unreasonably heavy atmosphere permeates the streets; where could it have come from?
	Emotions are roused, bodies shaken, a calling.
	Look about, and you'll discover that the secret hides in the city's darkness
	----there are people in the darkness.
Lucca and Susan realise maybe this is the secret Marco discovered - that there are Newons walking about. They have a dilemma. Susan says they have to defeat the government but Lucca doesn't think they can.

Tom phones Luc about how the "aliens" can't be alien in origin. 
Lucca is horrified, because phones are tapped. There is already a secret agent on his way to kill Tom into smitherines. 
Luc immediately brings Susan and Tom to the DAP. 
They explain to the director everything. 
The director surprisingly is ultra epicly. She says this is the whole original purpose of the DAP. 
An agent knocks on the door, the Director greets while the 3 hide.
Director comes back, says she notices who it is - someone from the department of history. 
Alma hereby declares the department of history as an anomaly and orders her agents to investigate.
Lucca, Susan and Tom try to think of ways to combat the plague.

The investigations come in, and we enter flashback yayy.
we see the birth of the conspiracy of project hypnos; and the history of humanity. How the current Oceania was born out of war. 
A young scientist was recruited by the then agent of DH. They share a goal and bond. They create the conspiracy. To euthanise Man. 
They commited atrocities together. They experiment on humans. They made a nucleus out of Lucca's mum, willingly apparently.
The scientist grows to be Lambda. 

Somewhere out in the streets, one person falls asleep and collapses.

The three decide that Lambda must know how to destroy the plague, so they try to get to him. They leave the safety of Alma's den - they are already people on the run now. 
Something causes Lucca to have an epiphany, and he becomes uneasy. 
He turns to Susan and reveals that Susan must be the killer of Marco.
Susan breaks down and reveals she is already contaminated with the plague. We see her barely holding on.
Lucca and Tom decide what to do with her, and she offers to go to Lambda and Freda to ask for a cure, even if it will lead to her death. 
(wow this is spicy )
Lucca and Tom tap Susan, and sends her into the nest of the conspiracy.

Lambda has no cure. He has no cure! They designed the plague to be the final nail in the coffin of humankind.
He has a change of heart, and tells the whole city about the plague, fulfilling his mum's plea for him to protect the happiness of all humankind.
Freda is disappointed, and shoots Lambda. 
Susan asks Freda what she did to her memories with Luc. Freda says Susan is just crazy. That it's a common symptom of the plague - delusions of a life not lived.
Susan asks if she can at least have the notes that Marco gave Susan. Freda takes it out of trash. 
The note says "Those absorbed by grief cannot love. But those who don't know grief, shouldn't love. Now more than ever, love befits thee, Susan!"
Susan cries and thanks Marco. 
Freda leaves, to finish project Hypnos. 
Lucca and Tom barge in. Susan collapses. 
We hear narration. 
	[There were 2 archetypes of widows in the culture of contemporary Oceania. One was the weak and fragile widow, easily disturbed, forever mistrustful of the universe, too afraid to yearn.
	The other widow was the valiant stoic heroine, hardened by loss, who didn't need to yearn. If to be alive is to yearn, then what the archetypes are really saying, is that widows aren't really alive.
	Neither extreme would suffice to describe the heart of Susan Koroleva, as she lay in Lucca's arms.]
Susan says there must be a way to stop project Hypnos, and to see humans progress and prosper, is the shared dream of all scientists in the world.
Then Susan lay still with eyes open. Lucca sheds a tear. He doesn't believe in Susan.
Tom suggests they go find the nucleus, and maybe destroying the nucleus will stop it all. Lucca says it makes no sense for the destruction of a single element to cause the whole thing to fail.
Instead, he wants to persuade the nucleus to stop the event.
Lucca carries Susan into his car, and drives to somewhere unknown.

A week later, the final search begins. Pedestrians are collapsing. Images of Nerezza appear more frequently, and Lucca knows his delusions are growing - he must be dying from the plague too.
Tom collapses, after helping deliver Lucca to the City Loop. He places his faith in Lucca.
Lucca goes to the centre of the City Loop, where Nerezza waits. 
Lucca knows she is his mum. 
Lucca asks if mum has been working out a secret plan to dismantle project Hypnos. 
Mum laughs and tells him if she really wanted to, she wouldn't have become a nucleus. She would have just shot herself.
Instead, Mum starts questioning what Lucca really is fighting for, because everyone he loves is gone. 
What life is he fighting for, because it was so unbearably boring for him. 
Isn't this what he secretly wanted, because otherwise he would have been so bored that he would kill himself!
Lucca kneels down, having lost all hope. 
Mum grins again. If a humankind doesn't want to go on anymore, maybe it shouldn't. 

Project Hypnos is complete, and the final act, begins.

Lucca relives life with mum. Nerezza is moved. 
Susan laments her life; seeing she woke up, Lucca definitely failed to stop project Hypnos after all.
Tom has le epic duel with Freda, mirroring a duel between Marco and Freda.
	Freda: A great human empire, free from the constraints of spacetime...
	Tom: That is a lie.
	Freda: ?
	Tom: I know a secret about the universe.
		[Dark matter]
		Outer beings have made home around the galaxies. They are living lives right now, around all the stars we can see above Oceania!
		Shocked, aren't you. Was this what Marco told you that day?
	Freda: w...what do I care if there are aliens?
	Tom: Because it refutes your story that all civilisations are doomed!
		Wanting a safe place for humans to build an empire of dreams... is a lie. 
		You wanted this, because you desire something that you can't have in the real world!
	Freda remembers her students that were massacred.
When all is done, Nerezza tells Luc to hurry, because the directors are gone. Luc, hurry and go outside and create history!
Luc wakes up - turns out he had insomnia - a thing frequently alluded to throughout the series. 

Luc checks his unread letter box - eddie has been sending him notes. Notes of the appearance of Nerezza.
Lucca suddenly has an epiphany, and now KNOWS there is hope to stopping project Hypnos. 
He gathers at Aloh's cafe - where regulars also went. Aloh must had been tampering with their food.
They all realise the structures around the city, are actually a mechanism that could stop project hypnos. 
They do so. 
Nerezza sits with Luc one final time, where Luc shares how he knew there was hope.
Nerezza's phantom appearances, are actually fragments of Nerezza's existence, scattered across spacetime. From what event? The destruction of project Hypnos. 
They bid farewell.

Lucca meets with Aloh once again, who is on his way somewhere, with a suitcase.
Aloh says it's been a pleasure and he will now leave to a distant city, where he will lead another child to its future.
Inside, Susan stands next to Nerezza. They talk. 
Nerezza tells Susan it's time to go, to Susan's surprise.
Nerezza reveals that Susan's visions of a life with Luc are not from the past, but the future - humans have evolved to understand Currents.
Outside, Lucca goes to the underground cryo facility. Overgrown, half collapsed, with sunlight streaking through, Lucca finds the chamber that he placed Susan in, right after she died.
Susan wakes up.
They walk into the city lights.

The end.





