The conspiracy: Project Empire 
To make everyone enter forever sleep; to overcome the restrictions
of spacetime, to create a human empire in dreams. 

Step 0: Develop the Hypno plague. Develop a nucleus. 
	perform experiments on volunteers under the guise of disease research
	restrict space research / destroy all satellites
	Develop a song. 
	Take away memory of their mobility members. 
	Spread the Hypno plague by planting infected consciousnesses at locations.

Step 1: infect everyone with the Hypno plague. During sleep, 
consciousness will escape the brain, and wander about, infecting more.

Step 2: broadcast a song that contains frequencies that release the 
consciousness of infected people at once.

Step 3: the consciousness will gather and merge at a nucleation site. 





Timeline

-450: End of WW3. Humanity finds refuge in Oceania. 
	Century Order sheperds humanity to form the most stable government, 
	creating a hyper industrialised, post scarcity society.
	Century Order disbands and recedes into society.
	Creation of the Factory Array.

-201: Realisation of the practical impossibility of space travel.

-200: Destruction of all satellites in a space debris chain collision event.

-40: Freda's students are murdered in a freak knifing incident. 

-32: Freda joins the Department of History.

-30: The Fourth Centennial Celebration for the unification of humankind. 
	Freda sits next to Lambda to discuss sinister incoming resource
	shortage, the impossibility of space travel, the brewing revolution, 
	and the fate of humanity. 
	Beginning of the Empire Conspiracy.
	
-28: Lambda advertises disease research to gain volunteers for his 
	development of the Hypno plague.

-25: Lambda finds Tom's mother, who finally successfully becomes the 
	nucleus.
	The conspiracy recruits many people to deliver the plague packages to various
	obscure locations. Their memories are wiped. 
	The spreading of Hypno plague begins - a process due to complete in less than 30 years.

-24: Lambda and Freda fall in love.
	The conspiracy finds a famous songwriter to work with Lambda on the song that 
	would eventually put everyone to sleep, and make their consciousness burst open 
	from their head. 
	After the song, Freda personally kills the songwriter, due to jealousy. 
	She hides her body in one of the cryo chambers in Ocean Union.
	These chambers are abandoned (they were once used by the rich to wake up 
	in the future.)

-10: The Empire Conspiracy grows large. It is now a wide spread network of cells, each 
	in charge of spreading the plague to a designated subpopulation of Ocean Union. 

-8: Marco Korolev, Lucca Yang and Susan enter the 4th Ocean State University. 
	Marco becomes a revolutionary, befriends Freda who is now Director of History. 
	Susan joins Lab 9 - neuroscience lab, and works under Lambda. 
	Lambda recruits her into the conspiracy. 

-4: Marco and Susan get married. Lucca joins the Department of Anomalies.

-2: Marco discovers the solution to Dark Matter and Fermi Paradox. 
	After discussing with Freda, he is crushed at the Factory Array, but not before 
	he could deliver a note to Lucca. 

0: Lucca begins the search for Marco's secret. 



Act 1 - marco's death and secret. Aliens are in Ocean Union.
Act 2 - Aliens are actually a human plague. Impossibility of space travel. 
	Marco's secret is about revolution. Lambda seems to be the head of the conspiracy. 
Act 3 - Search for the cure of the plague. The conspiracy's plans reveal. 
	Discovery of dead singer leads to Freda as true head. 
	Susan is Marco's real killer. 



