Inciting Incident
	
Lucca receives note from Marco: "I discovered a secret about the universe. 
Meet me tomorrow at..."
But instead of showing up, Marco dies when the Factory Array collapses. 



First Threshold

Susan tells Lucca not to investigate Marco's death. 
Lucca complies for 2 years. We see his boring life. 
At the end of the 2 years, he sees the woman again. He apologizes to Susan 
and continues his search.  

	Star Watcher. Amateur astronomer spots a star disappear in the night sky.
	Lucca contacts an astrophysicist, Tom.  
	Lucca tells him Marco's death, and suspicion of a conspiracy. Tom
	doesn't believe him. Lucca then asks Tom what secret could lie in 
	the universe. Tom explains to him Dark Matter. 
	Lucca later solves the Star Watcher case with the help of the Department 
	of History head Freda - it is the ruins of a satellite 
	transiting through the background star, in a sub-telescopic orbit. 
	Lucca speculates on the reasons all the satellites were destroyed, 
	2 centuries ago. Tom refuses to help Lucca - he's afraid of death. 
	Freda agrees to proide assisstance to Lucca. 

	Interpretation of a Dream. After learning from Lucca that a woman in black
	appeared on the night of Marco's death, Freda helped Lucca find a case. 
	Old woman complains about dreaming about a young woman, and Lucca gets 
	on the case. Lucca inquires the old woman. He meets up with Tom at 
	Aloh's cafe. Tom is very intrigued and and joins Lucca. On their next visit, 
	the caretakers at the nursing home look at them with disdain. 
	Lucca apologizes for the disturbance. Tom looks nervous. He sneakily 
	grabs a book. 
	On the final day, Lucca sees Nerezza on the Ocean Express. 
	They both walk towards the old woman. The old woman finally remembers that
	Nerezza is the doctor that will euthanise her. Lucca respectfully allows 
	it to happen. At Aloh's cafe, we see Tom reading through the photo album -
	when he was little, and his mum. Lucca approaches him. Tom confesses that
	his mum was struck with a strange personality disorder when he was young - 
	possibly an experiment conducted by the conspiracy. He joins Lucca on 
	the search for the conspiracy. 

	Paradox at the Factory Array. Lucca and Alma visit the Factory Array. 
	Accident occurs when the AI ponders the Fermi Paradox. 
	Lucca defeats it by saying "this sentence is false".

Investigation

	Lucca and Tom visit Professor Lambda - professor of neuroscience, 
	designer of Factory AI. Lambda's lecture is on human consciousness, 
	and magnetism. Afterwards, the three go on a walk. 
	They see Susan. Susan asks what Lucca's doing there. 
	Tom says "to investigate the -" 
	Lucca stops him and says "we're searching for aliens."
	Susan gets excited and invites them to her house - she is hopelessly lonely 
	and bored. Tom declines, thinking the two are lovers. 
	Lucca sees vast amounts of drawings scattered across the floor - Susan has 
	picked up a hobby. 
	They talk about their conspiracy. 
	Tom suddenly thinks maybe Marco's secret is indeed that there are aliens
	in Ocean Union, solving the Fermi Paradox. 
	The three meet at Aloh's cafe. 
	After Tom and Lucca discuss, they look at Susan, eager to join the hunt. 

	Susan calls Lucca that Aloh looks suspicious, carrying a black case
	every morning to somewhere. Lucca agrees to follow him. Meanwhile, 
	Tom searches through incidents related to the destruction of space technology, 
	and alien sightings.
	Susan and Lucca follow Aloh to a flower field, where Aloh plays his 
	trumpet, taken out of the black case - he is playing music for the bygone 
	soldiers of the Earth Federation. Susan thinks to herself, "Aloh's trumpet
	brings joy to humankind." 

	Tom interviews alien enthusiasts. He becomes popular due to his knowledge. 
	Susan and Lucca go home only to find that Susan's place is being searched. 
	(In fact, Susan was to lure Lucca to his capture.)
	But Susan spots something distance, and begs Lucca to go towards it. 
	They chase it through alleyways, onto coastal walk. Suspicious looking men also 
	start following them. Even Lucca's boss, Alma, calls him and says that her 
	higher ups require his position. 
	They finally come to coastal walk, and comes face to face
	with the thing. It appears to be an alien. 
	Lucca immediately takes a picture, and seek refuge at Lambda's lab. 
	They decide that the only way to stay safe - safety through public exposure. 
	Susan tells Lucca that Lambda is a fraud - they use this info to blackmail Lambda.
	They "kidnap" Lambda, show him the picture, and compell him to make a speech at 
	the next celebration of Ocean Union. 
	Lucca asks the Factory Array where he can hide that won't be seen. 
	The Array tells him about underground cryo chamber, overrun. They are off the 
	public record, and can evade search. Protected by contract. 
	Susan and Lucca hide in the shelter, waiting for Lambda to announce to the city, 
	and mention their names. 
	
	Susan asks whether the Factory Array would be helping the people who are 
	searching for them. As they speak this, agents come to the cryo chamber and 
	take the two away. 

	In an intimidating room, the directors from all the departments come to 
	"interrogate" the two. Susan is afraid, but Lucca eases her mood. Hopefully 
	everything has worked - if it did, they would be fine. Outside, protestors 
	already gather, led by the alien enthusiasts, demanding to know the location of 
	Lucca and Susan, while government agents try to fend them off. 
	Inside, Lucca and Susan get awarded "Heroes of the Ocean Union". 
	After Lucca and Susan come out, greeted by cheerful enthusiasts, and the crowd 
	disperses, we see one of them carrying a suitcase, walking off to somewhere unknown. 
	Tom wants to chase, but Nerezza stops him. She points out weird the person carrying 
	a suitcase is. Tom asks her what his mum's mental illness was, she says she 
	doesn't know, and he's better off checking the universal database. 

	Lucca and Susan celebrate. It seems Lucca has won. He has gotten Marco's 
	message out to the world, even though he may not understand its significance. 
	Tom however, is still not satisfied. He still doesn't know what experiments 
	were done on his mum, and Lucca still sees Nerezza's phantoms. 
	Susan and Lucca celebrate, and go to Susan's home. While Susan is asleep, 
	Lucca tries to search for more Marco-related clues. 
	Susan's consciousness wakes up, looking like an alien, and approaches Lucca. 
	Lucca yells Susan, which prompts the "alien" to run away. Susan appears at the door. 
	Susan sees what Lucca's doing and breaks down, realising that he's been 
	investigating Marco's death all along. She cries about how Marco won't spend 
	a life with her, due to his misplaced curiosity. 
	In another place, Tom finds among the neuroscientific diseases, the Hypno plague. 
	He calls Lucca and tells him how he doesn't think the alien they found was an 
	actual alien. 

Despair
	
	Lucca and Susan come to terms with the idea that Susan is plagued. 
	There realise they're up against something far more powerful than they thought. 
	Tom promises he will find a cure for the plague, and not repeat the tragedy of 
	his mum. Lucca and Tom study the plague outbreak patterns and finds that it 
	correlates with the sighting of the man with a suitcase. 
	They capture him and interrogate him. 
	The man says the person at the top of the conspiracy is one code named "Human".
	And that the conspiracy will succeed no matter how much they resist. 
	This is the reason why they have been let go - they've been on the radar 
	for a while now. The conspiracy must be realised, so that the human mind can sing. 
	The singer will save everyone. 

	Susan tells Lucca to come out and have a walk around the city. 
	They do. Susan wants Lucca to notice how beautiful the city is - the 
	culmination of centuries of historical progress. Marco had been the one 
	to influence Susan. 
	They watch the ruins of satellite 6 drift across the sky. 
	They lean on each other and feel the silent terror. 
	Lucca suspects that Susan had been hopeless from the start. Susan agrees. 
	Susan says "You think this is wasting time, don't you. Walking with me
	aimlessly." They reminisce about their university years. 
	Afterwards, they dance again, and get on the Ocean Express. 
	Susan tells Lucca she's noticed these patterns carved into the sides of the
	train's protective shields. When the train runs, they show a message. 
	It is a poem called City Lights. 
	They realise there is a revolution brewing. 
	
	On the train, a person sitting not far from Lucca and Susan starts 
	walking in their direction, hand in trench coat. Susan notices and immediately 
	grabs Lucca's hands and starts running in the other direction. 
	A working man tries to subdue the attacker but fails, and gets stabbed.
	Lucca uses a watch to lock the sliding doors between carriages. 
	They press the E-stop button, and get off the train, and hide into the city 
	streets. Lucca calls for reinforcement form the DAP, and holds out just long 
	enough for Alma and Rachel to arrive in a helicopter. 
	
	They gather at DAP headquarters. Lucca explains everything to Alma, 
	to Susan's protest. Alma cooperates spectacularly - she is competent. 
	Alma sighs and explains to Lucca this is what the DAP was created for. 
	She sends an escort team to retrieve Tom, and sends out 3 teams to 
	search for the corpse of a dead singer, clues for "Human", and Nerezza, 
	respectively. They keep Susan awake so her consciousness doesn't wander out. 
	The first stop is historical records, and Alma discovers that much of it is 
	erased. The only people in charge of it in Ocean UNion is the Department of 
	History. Alma heads to the Department of History and ties Freda up. 
	She pins Freda to the wall and asks what she did to history, and who "Human" 
	is. Freda doesn't answer, prompting Alma to declare the department of history 
	an anomaly, and orders her agents to search it. 

	Susan and Lucca work with the engineers to create a weapon that can destroy 
	the sleepwalkers - a magnetic beam pistol. Alma and her agents arm themselves 
	with it. Tom helps with the search for Nerezza, to no success. 
	Alma compiles everything she learns from the Department of History 
	and sees a complete list of the crimes committed. 
	Among them, is a freak massacre of a primary school class, with 
	lead teacher "Miss Liam"
	Alma brings in a book with the word "human" written in all known human 
	languages. There, she spots the chinese character for human and realises 
	that it is similar to the greek symbol lambda. Since Hypno plague is 
	a neuroscientific disease, it's likely that Professor Lambda is the 
	orchestrator of everything. 
	At the same time, Tom's search team finds the cryo chamber, among which is 
	a corpse of a woman - the singer who disappeared decades ago. 
	Analysis shows Freda's DNA. 
	That night, the DAP receives a note saying 
	"We see your agents moving across the city. You misunderstandd the situation. 
	There is no timer to race against. Poor agents, the Empire project was 
	complete long ago, save for the finishing touches. That's the only reason we 
	haven't destroyed you - you are not a threat, and there is no need to destroy
	even more human lives." 

Despair

	Flashback to the beginning of everything. Freda finds LAmbda at the 4th 
	centennial celebration of the unification of humankind. 
	Freda points out the impossibility of space travel while laughing at 
	the grand speech given on stage. They create the conspiracy together.
	Freda reveals that the Department of History has true hidden power in Oceania.  

	Lucca knows they are bluffing - Marco was killed, they themselves were hunted. 
	If they are truly not a threat, why send the note? 
	Susan appears delirious. Alma orders the immediate arrest of Lambda. 
	But the neuroscience lab turns into a fortress. Lucca discovers that Susan 
	was Marco's killer. Susan explains everything. 
	The conspiracy is the answer to the deadend humanity finds themselves in. 
	They would make everyone asleep. The bodies will decay, but the dream remains. 
	Unconstrained by the limits of physics, humans can create the greatest empire 
	they've ever seen, shaping their reality as they will, for ever and ever. 
	Susan volunteers to enter the fortress. 
	She finds Lambda, who is already dying - he infectedd himself with the plague. 
	Susan asks for a cure and receives no answer. 
	She also asks Lambda about the life she had with Luc, to which Lambda responds that
	she is insane - a common symptom of the Hypno plague. 
	Freda kisses the forehead of Lambda, thinking it's been a good life, and soon they 
	will be united in the Empire of Dreams. 

Final Battle
	
	Susan lies on her bed, and dies under Lucca's watch. 
	Lucca suddenly cracks the answer to everything, and begins to 
	sit still and not do anything. 
	Not responding to Tom either. What could he be up to? 
	Lucca realises that while Freda is the head, and captured, her command likely 
	influences all of Ocean Union, due to the order from "higher ups" that 
	Alma received. The only reason nothing has happened yet is that the government 
	is certain they will win. But Lucca knows how to make them lose. 
	So long as Lucca acts, the government will kill him. His action has a minimal timeframe.
	Tom finally remembers his rendezvous point with his mum - the centre of the 
	Ocean Express city loop, and realises that his mum was turned into a singer. 
	Lucca immediately gets into a car and drives to the Factory Array.
	Alma doesn't know what he's doing, but orders agents to cover him. 
	As Lucca enters the building, Alma's agent stand guard outside. 
	But the rest of the Ocean Union forces arrive, threatening to destroy Alma. 
	For the first time in 4 centuries, factions of humanity stand off against one 
	another. Just as all seems lost, agents from the antagonist side report a mass 
	of people approaching the factory array - they all wear a beret, and are waving
	the flag of the Earth Federation. They see the opportunity of the government fracturing 
	as the best time to start the revolution. 
	Factory Array says to Lucca: "Thank you, engineer Yang. Thanks to you, everything
	has fallen into place. I will do as you say."
	
	Tom finds Nerezza at the centre of the city loop. 
	She taunts Tom about his abandonment of mum. She starts singing and projecting 
	her voice to all of Oceania. 
	Some government agents barge in, preparing to execute Lucca. 
	Lucca says "You got me." Agents: "is this some trap?"
	Lucca: "Nope. I'm serious. I've got nothing left. And nowhere to run." 
	Freda is nervous. 
	As Nerezza's voice reaches them, they all fall asleep and collapse onto the 
	ground. The Empire project finally begins. 

	In dream, Tom is tormented by Nerezza. 
	Susan wakes up and sees Lambda in dream, realising that everything was lost. 
	Freda attends a reunion with her students, in her dream. 
	However, Lucca appears in front of Freda. He is one of the students.
	He reveals the secret of the universe including Freda's original identity, 
	Miss Liam. 
	
	What happens next, is all in your memory, Alex, and I believe you can write it 
	all down. Love drawing, and seize all tomorrows!






